No, you never get any fun out of the things you haven't done. 
The greatest good you can do for another is not just share your riches, but reveal to them their own. 
Don’t die with your music still inside you. Listen to your intuitive inner voice and find what passion stirs your soul. 
Most people fail in life, not because they aim to high and miss; most people fail in life, because they aim too low and hit. 
What we have once enjoyed we can never lose. All that we love deeply becomes a part of us. 
To thine own self be true, and it must follow, as the night the day, thou canst not then be false to any man. 
There are two ways of meeting difficulties: you alter the difficulties, or you alter yourself to meet them. 
The man on top of the mountain didn't fall there. 
Things may come to those who wait, but only the things left by those who hustle. 
Criticism is something we can avoid easily by saying nothing, doing nothing, and being nothing. 
It is not because thing are difficult that we do not dare: it is because we do not dare that they are difficult. 
If a task is worth doing, it is worth doing at the earliest reasonable time. If it is not worth doing, forget it! 
You may not be able to do all you find out, but make sure you find out all you can do. 
Believe that life is worth living and your belief will help create the fact. 
It is very rare or almost impossible that an event can be negative from all points of view. 
You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough. 
When you find peace within yourself, you become the kind of person who can live at peace with others. -Peace Pilgrim

If you don't like how things are, change it!  You're not a tree. 
Life is like riding a bicycle - in order to keep your balance, you must keep moving. 
The meaning of life is to find your gift.  The purpose of life is to give it away. 
If a window of opportunity appears, don't pull down the shade

Too many people overvalue what they are not and undervalue what they are. 
There is no such thing in anyone's life as an unimportant day. 
You are never given a wish without also being given the power to make it come true. You may have to work for it, however. 
How wonderful that no one need wait a single moment to improve the world. 
To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also dream; not only plan, but also believe. 
Let’s dare to be ourselves, for we do that better than anyone else can. 
The task of leadership is not to put greatness into people, but to elicit it, for the greatness is there already. 
Such as are thy habitual thoughts, such also will be the character of thy mind; for the soul is dyed by the thoughts. 
You are awesome :) So glad you like them!

Some complain that roses have thorns - others rejoice that thorns have roses! 
Happiness and sadness run parallel to each other. When one takes a rest, the other one tends to take up the slack. 
Courage doesn’t always roar. Sometimes courage is the quiet voice at the end of the day saying, ‘I will try again tomorrow’. 
Will be away for three weeks, more quotes when I return! Take care everyone! 
Be pleasant until ten o'clock in the morning and the rest of the day will take care of itself. 
The first and greatest victory is to conquer yourself; to be conquered by yourself is of all things most shameful and vile. 
The best way of avenging thyself is not to become like the wrong-doer. 
Desire is the starting point of all achievement, not a hope, not a wish, but a keen pulsating desire which transcends everything. 
You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough. 
Tis' better to live your own life imperfectly than to imitate someone else's perfectly. 
Concern yourself not with what you tried and failed in, but with what it is still possible for you to do. 
Am I not destroying my enemies when I make friends of them? 
My life didn't please me, so I created my life. 
In all of living, have much fun and laughter. Life is to be enjoyed, not just endured. 
Always aim at complete harmony of thought and word and deed. 
Don't be afraid of death; be afraid of an unlived life. You don't have to live forever, you just have to live. 
I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work. 
 Do not despise the bottom rungs in the ascent to greatness. -Publilius Syrus

Whatever you say to yourself, with emotion, generates thoughts, ideas and behaviors consistent with those words.

Your future depends on many things, but mostly on you. 
You've got to do your own growing, no matter how tall your grandfather was. 
The day will happen whether or not you get up. 
You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough. 
Things which matter most must never be at the mercy of things which matter least 
Tranquility is nothing else than the good ordering of the mind. 
It is better to be hated for what you are than loved for what you are not. 
Dig the well before you are thirsty. 
A life spent making mistakes is not only more honorable, but more useful than a life spent doing nothing. 
Don't compromise yourself. You're all you've got. 
Everything you can imagine is real. 
All of us have the capacity to attract to ourselves what seems to be missing in our lives.

Happiness is not something you postpone for the future; it is something you design for the present. 
Where there is love there is life. 
The winds of grace are always blowing, but you have to raise the sail. 
In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: it goes on. 
When you lose, don't lose the lesson. 
Every day is conquerable by its hours, and every hour by its minutes. 
The only way you may correct the bad things in your past is to add better things to your future. 
Faith is to believe what you do not yet see; the reward for this faith is to see what you believe. 
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams. ― Eleanor Roosevelt

Look within. Within is the fountain of good, and it will ever bubble up, if thou wilt ever dig. 
Be silly. Be honest. Be kind. 
It takes less time to do a thing right, than it does to explain why you did it wrong. 
Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work. 
Not everything that is faced can be changed; nothing can be changed until it is faced

Everything that happens to you, good or bad, is an opportunity for building your character. 
Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm. 
Take calculated risks. That is quite different from being rash. 
To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also dream, not only plan, but also believe

Making a true decision means committing to achieving a result, and then cutting yourself off from any other possibility. 
Standing in the inspiring vision of my future, I boldly take every step - large and small - with courage and intent. 
Achievement seems to be connected with action. Successful men and women keep moving. They make mistakes, but they don’t quit.  
A good idea implemented today is better than a perfect idea implemented tomorrow. 
You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream. — C.S. Lewis

In order to succeed, your desire for success should be greater than your fear of failure. 
We are all here for some special reason. Stop being a prisoner of your past. Become the architect of your future. 
Be content if the smallest thing goes on well, and consider such an event to be no small matter. 
Life will become easier the moment you become stronger. 
The key to success is to keep growing in all areas of life -- mental, emotional, spiritual, as well as physical. 
Imagination is even more important than knowledge. 
To the degree we're not living our dreams, our comfort zone has more control of us than we have over ourselves. 
Work like you don't need the money. Love like you've never been hurt. Dance like nobody is watching. 
The opposite of courage in our society is not cowardice, it is conformity. 
You need to make a commitment, and once you make it, then life will give you some answers. Les Brown

Never let your memories be greater than your dreams. 
Whenever you do a thing, act as if all the world were watching. 
Nothing softens the blows of life like a good sense of humor. 
Success is something you attract by the person you become. 
If you risk nothing, then you risk everything. 
Reflect upon your blessings, of which every man has plenty, not on your past misfortunes, of which all men have some. 
A journey of a thousand miles begins with one step. 
All great things are slow of growth; nay this is true even of a grape or of a fig. 
Expect problems and eat them for breakfast. 
The flower that blooms in adversity is the rarest and most beautiful of all. 
Great minds discuss ideas. Average minds discuss events. Small minds discuss people. 
What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals. 
Hope is like the sun, which, as we journey toward it, casts the shadow of our burden behind us. 
A single rose can be my garden...a single friend, my world. 
You can easily judge the character of a man by how he treats those who can do nothing for him. 
Be yourself - who else is better qualified. 
Don't hope for a position that people will have to follow, work to become the person they'll want to follow.

If you rest too long, the weeds take the garden. 
I am, indeed, a king, because I know how to rule myself. 
To be a great person, walk hand-in-hand and side-by-side with great people. 
There is no point at which you can say, ‘Well, I am successful now, I might as well relax'. 
Remember that happiness is a way of travel, not a destination. 
Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other one thing. 
The best way to predict the future is to create it. 
The wise man will want to be ever with him who is better than himself. 
Only the weak are cruel. Gentleness can only be expected from the strong. 
Action is the antidote to despair. 
The trick is growing up without growing old. 
When there is great love, there are always miracles. 
Once the good appears, it attracts towards itself; evil repels. 
You always pass failure on the way to success. 
Success is something you attract by the person you become. 
You can never cross the ocean unless you have the courage to lose sight of the shore. 
Don’t count the days - make the days count. 
A setback is a setup for a comeback. 
 Vision without action is a dream. Action without vision is simply passing the time. —Joel Barker

Your imagination is your preview of life's coming attractions. 
Look within. Within is the fountain of good, and it will ever bubble up, if thou wilt ever dig. 
The secret of success is constancy to purpose. 
I tell you that virtue is not given by money, but that from virtue come money and every other good of man. 
When you have exhausted all possibilities, remember this - you haven’t. 
The biggest human temptation is to settle for too little. 
 @LeaderQuote: Pleasure in the job puts perfection in the work

Believe with all of your heart that you will do what you were made to do. 
Many receive advice, only the wise profit from it. 
The greatest part of our happiness depends on our dispositions, not our circumstances. 
The future is purchased by the present. 
You are never given a wish without also being given the power to make it come true. You may have to work for it, howev ...

We tend to live up to our expectations. 
To avoid sickness, eat less. To prolong life, worry less. 
He who laughs, lasts. 
If there is no wind, row. 
Winning isn’t everything - but wanting to win is. 
Don’t go through life, grow through life. 
There is no traffic jam on the extra mile. 
Spectacular achievement is always preceded by spectacular preparation. 
The future depends on what we do in the present. 
The best place to get help is from yourself. 
Happiness is a present attitude - not a future condition. 
The harder you work, the luckier you get. 
When you win, nothing hurts. 
Focused action beats brilliance any day. 
Well begun is half done. 
If you are going to doubt something, doubt your limits. 
A wise man will make more opportunities than he finds. 
You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life. 
When love and skill work together, expect a masterpiece. 
Success doesn’t come to you. You go to it. 
Don’t curse the darkness - light a candle. 
Progress results from persistence with purpose. 
If I only had three words of advice, they would be, Tell the Truth. If I got three more words, I would add, All the Ti ...

The time is always right to do what is right. 
Act as if it were impossible to fail. 
To get to the top...get off your bottom. 
Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Willing is not enough; we must do. 
Too many people overvalue what they are not and undervalue what they are.

If you are going to be successful, you gotta be willing to give up sleep. 
‎No man is free who is not master of himself. 
To seek out your own inner Peace is the greatest gift you could ever hope to give to this world. -Eric Walton

There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure. 
Repetition is the mother of skill. 
Do not wait to strike till the iron is hot; but make it hot by striking. 
Be miserable. Or motivate yourself. Whatever has to be done, it's always your choice. 
Never let life's hardships disturb you; no one can avoid problems, not even saints or sages.

If you feel you are down on your luck, check the level of your effort. 
So long as we can lose any happiness, we possess some. 
Too many of us are not living our dreams because we are living our fears. 
For every minute you are angry, you lose sixty seconds of happiness. 
The reputation of a thousand years may be determined by the conduct of one hour. 
 Nurture great thoughts for you cannot go higher than your thoughts

Without self-discipline, success is impossible, period. 
Your life may be the only Bible some people read. 
When the best things are not possible, the best may be made of those that are. 
At one point in your life you either have the thing you want or the reasons why you don’t

Don’t go to sleep until you succeed. 
Here is the key to success and the key to failure: we become what we think about. 
If you focus completely on the things you love, then you are on your way to a beautiful life. 
If you do not change direction, you may end up where you are heading.

It ain’t what they call you, it’s what you answer to. 
Don't put off living to next week, next month, next year or next decade. The only time you're ever living is in this moment. 
A man, as a general rule, owes very little to what he is born with - a man is what he makes himself. 
You are today where your thoughts have brought you; you will be tomorrow where your thoughts take you.

Most of the shadows of life are caused by standing in our own sunshine. 
The trouble with most of us is that we would rather be ruined by praise than saved by criticism. 
Motivation without mobilization causes frustration. 
Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter. 
Nothing is so fatiguing as the eternal hanging on of an uncompleted task. 
People know you for what you've done, not for what you plan to do. 
Our greatest glory consists, not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall. – Oliver Goldsmith

Most folks are about as happy as they make up their minds to be. 
Minds are like parachutes. They only function when they are open. 
You cannot plough a field by turning it over in your mind. 
Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Willing is not enough; we must do. 
Great spirits have always encountered violent opposition from mediocre minds. 
Whenever you do a thing, act as if all the world were watching. 
What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us. 
Constant dripping hollows out a stone. 
Always desire to learn something useful. 
Your actions are magnets which attract people and circumstances of the same caliber. 
Dost thou love life? Then do not squander time, for that is the stuff life is made of. 
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail. 
Work spares us from three evils: boredom, vice, and need. 
Men's best successes come after their disappointments. 
Nothing will ever be attempted if all possible objections must first be overcome. 
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, therefore, is not an act but a habit. 
Remember that failure is an event, not a person.

The dictionary is the only place that success comes before work. 
One of the greatest discoveries a man makes, one of his great surprises, is to find he can do what he was afraid he couldn't do. 
Joy does not simply happen to us. We have to choose joy and keep choosing it every day. 
One important key to success is self-confidence. An important key to self-confidence is preparation. 
Your future is created by what you do today, not tomorrow. 
He who can suppress a moment’s anger may prevent days’ sorrow. 
You will find the key to success under the alarm clock. 
Procrastination is a thief which robs you of money by stealing your time. 
I believe that the only courage anybody ever needs is the courage to follow your own dreams. 
Life is a succession of lessons which must be lived to be understood. 
When we are no longer able to change a situation, we are challenged to change ourselves. 
Give a man a fish and you feed him for a day. Teach him how to fish and you feed him for a lifetime. 
Courtesy is the oil that lubricates the machinery of communication. 
To thine own self be true, and it must follow, as the night the day, thou canst not then be false to any man. 
To know what is right and not do it is the worst cowardice. 
Many of the things you can count, don't count. Many of the things you can't count, really count. 
The consequences of today are determined by the actions of the past. To change your future, alter your decisions today. 
A man has to live with himself, and he should see to it that he always has good company. 
I never did anything by accident, nor did any of my inventions come by accident; they came by work. 
Any time you sincerely want to make a change, the first thing you must do is to raise your standards. 
To be pleased with one’s limits is a wretched state. 
Do not conform any longer to the pattern of this world, but be transformed by the renewing of your mind. 
What do we live for, if it is not to make life less difficult for each other? 
A man who suffers before it is necessary, suffers more than is necessary. 
Anytime you suffer a setback or disappointment, put your head down and plow ahead. 
Nothing is impossible, the word itself says ‘I’m possible’! 
No great man ever complains of want of opportunities. 
It is not the mountain we conquer but ourselves. 
The height of your accomplishments will equal the depth of your convictions. 
Avoid negative people at all costs. They are the greatest destroyers of self confidence and self-esteem. 
It’s up to us as individuals to take control and responsibility for the type of lives that we want to lead. 
Do today what you want for your tomorrows. 
Without a humble but reasonable confidence in your own powers you cannot be successful or happy. 
It is every man's obligation to put back into the world at least the equivalent of what he takes out of it. 
A man cannot be comfortable without his own approval. 
Not being able to govern events, I govern myself. 
Not what we say about our blessings, but how we use them, is the true measure of our thanksgiving. 
Hope is like the sun, which, as we journey toward it, casts the shadow of our burden behind us. 
We must accept finite disappointment, but never lose infinite hope. 
If we will be quiet and ready enough, we shall find compensation in every disappointment. 
Some pursue happiness, others create it. 
Never put off till tomorrow what you can do today. 
It ain’t about how hard you hit, it’s about how hard you can get hit, and keep moving forward. 
Unless you try to do something beyond what you have already mastered, you will never grow. 
The road to extraordinary living cannot be paved by ordinary actions. 
Total, unconditional acceptance of yourself is the first step in building a positive self-image. 
Taking an interest in what others are thinking and doing is often a much more powerful form of encouragement than praise. 
The pessimist sees difficulty in every opportunity. The optimist sees opportunity in every difficulty. 
Nine tenths of education is encouragement. 
When you come to the end of your rope, tie a knot and hang on. 
It is wiser to find out than suppose. 
The day you’re born, you’re given the world as your birthday present. 
Correction does much, but encouragement does more. 
I am not afraid of tomorrow, for I have seen yesterday and I love today. 
All that is human must retrograde if it does not advance. 
Kites rise highest against the wind - not with it.

Dreams are today's answers to tomorrow's questions. 
Everything that’s really worthwhile to us in life came free. 
Perseverance is not a long race; it is many short races one after another. 
Forgiving is essential for continued growth. 
I try. I fail. I try again. I fail better. 
A little knowledge that acts is worth infinitely more than much knowledge that is idle. 
Whatever you are, be a good one. 
Nobody can hurt me without my permission. 
I slept and dreamt that life was joy. I awoke and saw that life was service. I acted and behold, service was joy. 
Today you are You, that is truer than true. There is no one alive who is Youer than You. 
The whole world steps aside for the man who knows where he is going.  
Life is either a daring adventure or nothing. 
Everyone is trying to accomplish something big, not realizing that life is made up of little things. 
Whenever you are confronted with an opponent, conquer him with love. 
If you want what normal people have, do what normal people do. But if you want what few have, then do what few do. 
If you don’t design your life, someone else will design it for you, and you may just not like their idea of balance. 
People who won’t take step number one never take step number two. 
Striving for success without hard work is like trying to harvest where you haven’t planted. 
It's lack of faith that makes people afraid of meeting challenges, and I believe in myself. 
Your chances of success in any undertaking can always be measured by your belief in yourself. 
One person with a belief is equal to a force of ninety-nine who have only interests. 
I am an optimist. It does not seem too much use being anything else. 
Whatever you can do, or dream you can, begin it. Boldness has genius, power and magic in it. 
The only thing that ever sat its way to success was a hen. 
Every adversity, every failure, every heartache carries with it the seed of an equal or greater benefit. 
Plough deep while sluggards sleep. 
I wanted to change the world. But I have found that the only thing one can be sure of changing is oneself. 
Laws control the lesser man. Right conduct controls the greater one. 
Change your thoughts and you change your world. 
Don't join an easy crowd. You won't grow. Go where the expectations and the demands to perform and achieve are high. 
Be who you are and say what you feel, because those who mind don’t matter, and those who matter don’t mind. 
We are what we think. All that we are arises with our thoughts. With our thoughts, we make our world. 
Only when your memories are more important to you than your goals are you old. 
You see things; and you say ‘Why?’ But I dream things that never were; and I say ‘Why not?’ 
If you want what normal people have, do what normal people do. But if you want what few have, then do what few do. 
The thing always happens that you really believe in; and the belief in a thing makes it happen. 
It is amazing what you can accomplish if you do not care who gets the credit. 
Three grand essentials to happiness in this life are something to do, something to love, and something to hope for. 
Feed your faith and your doubts will starve. 
Happiness doesn’t depend on outward conditions. It depends on inner conditions. 
There can be no happiness if the things we believe in are different from the things we do. 
A creative man is motivated by the desire to achieve, not by the desire to beat others. 
Believe deep down in your heart that you’re destined to do great things. 
The difference between try and triumph is a little umph. 
No man ever wetted clay and then left it, as if there would be bricks by chance and fortune. 
Your time on this earth is limited, don't live someone else's life, live by your vision. 
Be a yardstick of quality. Some people aren’t used to an environment where excellence is expected. 
The best way to cheer yourself up is to try to cheer somebody else up. 
Not being able to govern events, I govern myself. 
Those at the top of the mountain didn't fall there. 
If you want others to be happy, practice compassion. If you want to be happy, practice compassion. 
Let us be grateful to people who make us happy, they are the charming gardeners who make our souls blossom. 
One joy scatters a hundred griefs. 
God gives every bird its food, but He does not throw it into its nest. 
Dare to live the life you have dreamed for yourself. Go forward and make your dreams come true. 
Real elation is when you feel you could touch a star without standing on tiptoe. 
The minute you choose to do what you really want to do it’s a different kind of life. 
You can’t build a reputation on what you are going to do. 
Only those who will risk going too far can possibly find out how far one can go. 
Being realistic is the most commonly traveled road to mediocrity. 
Nobody is obliged to be a genius, but everybody is obliged to participate. 
You may never know what results come of your action, but if you do nothing there will be no result. 
Learn how to be happy with what you have while you pursue all that you want. 
Men are made stronger on realization that the helping hand they need is at the end of their own arm. 
My advice to you is not to inquire why or whither, but just enjoy your ice cream while it’s on your plate. 
One filled with joy preaches without preaching. 
If you want to be happy, be. 
The winds and waves are always on the side of the ablest navigators. 
Do not pray for easy lives. Pray to be stronger men. 
Of all the things you wear, your expression is the most important. 
Enjoy the little things, for one day you may look back and realize they were the big things. 
Let no feeling of discouragement prey upon you, and in the end you are sure to succeed. 
When I was young, I observed that nine out of ten things I did were failures.  So I did ten times more work. 
A successful person in one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks that others throw at him or her. 
Faith is taking the first step even when you don’t see the whole staircase. 
People often say that motivation doesn’t last. Well, neither does bathing - that’s why we recommend it daily. 
Those who sow abundantly reap abundantly. 
He who is outside his door has the hardest part of his journey behind him. 
Put your heart, mind, intellect and soul even to your smallest acts. This is the secret of success. 
I'm a great believer in luck, and I find the harder I work the more I have of it. 
Man's mind stretched to a new idea never goes back to its original dimensions. 
The human body is the best picture of the human soul. 
The knowledge of the world is only to be acquired in the world, and not in a closet. 
The only way to discover the limits of the possible is to go beyond them into the impossible. 
My country is the world, and my religion is to do good. 
When you learn, teach, when you get, give. 
Life is a paradise for those who love many things with a passion. 
Better keep yourself clean and bright; you are the window through which you must see the world. 
People of accomplishment rarely sat back and let things happen to them. They went out and happened to things. 
By being yourself, you put something wonderful in the world that was not there before. 
We cannot become what we need to be by remaining what we are. 
If you have integrity, nothing else matters. If you don’t have integrity, nothing else matters. 
The greatest mistake you can make in life is to be continually fearing that you will make one. 
It will never rain roses: when we want to have more roses, we must plant more roses. 
Nobody can hurt me without my permission. 
If you’re going through hell, keep going. 
Your self-image controls your performance; see yourself as confident and in complete control. 
Go out into the world today and love the people you meet. Let your presence light new light in the hearts of people. 
Things turn out the best for the people who make the best of the way things turn out. 
The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step. 
It's not what you look at that matters, it's what you see. 
How you think about a problem is more important than the problem itself. So always think positively. 
It will always be bright by you...whether it’s day or night...if you bring your own light. 
It’s not what we do once in a while that shapes our lives, but what we do consistently. 
The cave you fear to enter holds the treasure you seek. 
When it is obvious that the goals cannot be reached, don’t adjust the goals, adjust the action steps. 
The bad news is time flies. The good news is you’re the pilot. 
Your present circumstances don’t determine where you can go; they merely determine where you start. 
An amateur practices something until he gets it right. A professional practices until he can’t get it wrong. 
Nothing is as powerful as an idea whose time has come. 
Transcend political correctness and strive for human righteousness. 
Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony. 
To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment. 
Every job is a self-portrait of the person who does it. Autograph your work with excellence. 
Nothing can resist the human will that will stake even its existence on its stated purpose. 
If you work hard on your job, you can make a living. But if you work hard on yourself, you can make a fortune. 
It is the mind that maketh good of ill, that maketh wretch or happy, rich or poor. 
I know of no more encouraging fact than the unquestionable ability of man to elevate his life by a conscious endeavor.
What the mind of a man can conceive and believe, it can achieve. 
Ambition is the path to success, persistence is the vehicle you arrive in. 
Much good work is lost for the lack of a little more. 
Courage is not the absence of fear, but rather the judgment that something else is more important than fear. 
Instead of giving myself reasons why I can't, I give myself reasons why I can. 
Don't cry because it's over. Smile because it happened. 
Your income is primarily determined by your philosophy, not by the economy. 
We will either find a way, or make one. 
It is never too late to be what you might have been. 
Controlled focus is like a laser beam that can cut through anything that seems to be stopping you. 
I am not discouraged, because every wrong attempt discarded is another step forward. 
If you help enough people get what they want, you can have everything you want. 
Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage. 
Problems are only opportunities with thorns on them. 
Success rarely comes to those who are expecting failure. 
